README.md, before:

# My Portfolio

This is a modern portfolio website built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com). The project was bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Linting**: ESLint with Next.js config
- **Package Manager**: npm

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.

Commit message:

Setup GitHub Pages deployment with Next.js static export
- Add GitHub Actions workflow for automatic deployment
- Configure Next.js for static export to GitHub Pages
- Update package.json with export script
- Add deployment instructions to README
- Fix CSS/JS loading issues on GitHub Pages

README.md, after:

# My Portfolio

This is a modern portfolio website built with [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) and [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com). The project was bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/api-reference/cli/create-next-app).

## Tech Stack

- **Framework**: Next.js 15 with App Router
- **Language**: TypeScript
- **Styling**: Tailwind CSS
- **Linting**: ESLint with Next.js config
- **Package Manager**: npm

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
# or
pnpm dev
# or
bun dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `src/app/page.tsx`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

## Deployment to GitHub Pages

This project is configured for GitHub Pages deployment:

1. **Automatic Deployment**: Push to `main` branch triggers automatic deployment via GitHub Actions
2. **Manual Deployment**: 
   ```bash
   npm run export
   # Then upload the contents of the 'out/' folder to GitHub Pages
   ```

### Setting up GitHub Pages:
1. Go to your repository Settings → Pages
2. Set Source to "GitHub Actions"
3. Push your code to trigger the workflow

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/deploying) for more details.
